Add more details in the release strategy guide (#86)
powsybl/.github: BRANCHING_RELEASE_STRATEGY.md

For the sake of the demonstration, the repository to be released will be called `powsybl-repo` below.

<details>
<summary>Main release case</summary>

#### Main release case

Start by updating your main branch to the latest version:
```shell
$ cd powsybl-repo
$ git checkout main
$ git pull
```

> Verify that you don't use a RC or SNAPSHOT version for the PowSyBl dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you are not using an RC or SNAPSHOT version of the PowSyBl dependencies.
```

Using the following command, you should only have your repo version:
```shell
$ git grep -B2 -E "SNAPSHOT|-RC" pom.xml | less
$ # You should not have RC or SNAPSHOT versions (except your own repo's one)
```
If it is not the case, then the bump of the dependencies should be done prior to releasing, in a regular pull request.

> If the README contains POM examples they should be updated to include the right versions for the project being released and its dependencies (to include in the bump version commit or before so that it is included in the release tag).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the README contains POM examples, they should be updated with the correct versions for the project being released and its dependencies. This update must be included in the bump version commit or in a prior commit so that it is included in the release tag.
```

$ git pull
```

Verify that you don't use a RC or SNAPSHOT version for the PowSyBl dependencies.
Using the following command, you should only have your repo version:
```shell
$ git grep -B2 -E "SNAPSHOT|-RC" pom.xml | less
$ # You should not have RC or SNAPSHOT versions (except your own repo's one)
```
If it is not the case, then the bump of the dependencies should be done prior to releasing.

> 

Reviewer 2: ++ in a regular pull request

Reviewer 2: If the README contains POM examples they should be updated to include the right versions for the project beeing releases and its dependencies (to include in the bump version commit or before so that it is included in the release tag).

Author: Done

Please make sure that your release note is comprehensive to all new features and bug fixes of the release and that the migration guide has been updated if necessary.

> You shall then follow the steps described above in [Publishing a release](#publishing-a-release).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You shall then follow the steps described below in [Publishing a release](#publishing-a-release).
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>Corrective release case</summary>

#### Corrective release case

Please note that there are some differences in the process when you're publishing a corrective release or a patch, which version respects the pattern `vX.Y.Z` with Z different from 0.

You should work from the `release-vX.Y.0` branch.
- If no patch was previously released for the `vX.Y.0` version, retrieve the `vX.Y.0` tag and initialize the `release-vX.Y.0` branch:
```shell
$ git checkout tags/vX.Y.0
$ git checkout -b release-vX.Y.0
$ git push -u origin release-vX.Y.0
```
- or if the branch already exists:
```shell
$ git checkout release-vX.Y.0
$ git pull
```

> Next create a new branch that will receive the commits for the new version, and open the new release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a new branch to receive the commits for the new version, and open the new release:
```

```

Create a pull request to merge the `tmp_prepare_release` **into `release-vX.Y.0`** (**not main**).  

In its description, use the following message (don't forget to change the vX.Y.Z by your version number):
```markdown
> [!WARNING]
> **DO NOT** squash the commits, merge with fast-forward locally

<br/>

**Please check if the PR fulfills these requirements**
<!-- please use `'[x]'` to check the checkboxes, or submit the PR and then click the checkboxes -->
- [X] The commit message follows our guidelines

**What kind of change does this PR introduce?**
<!-- Bug fix, feature, docs update, ... -->
Prepare release vX.Y.Z

**Other information**:
:warning: **DO NOT** squash the commits, merge with fast-forward locally
```

Wait until all the CI criteria are fully validated.

You can then cherry-pick **one by one** the commits of your patch.
Before pushing another commit, make sure the previous `docs/readthedocs.org:...` job is finished:
```shell
$ git cherry-pick -S -x <commit_hash>
$ git push
$ # Wait for the "docs/readthedocs.org:..." job is finished
$ # Then loop on these instructions until all the commits are pushed
```

> Then bump to the patched version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, bump to the patched version:
```

$ git checkout release-vX.Y.0
$ git pull
$ git merge --ff tmp_prepare_release
$ git push
```

After that, create your tag:
```shell
$ git log --oneline -1
$ # Retrieve the commit hash, and use it in the following instruction
$ git tag -s vX.Y.Z <hash of the corresponding commit (bumping to vX.Y.Z)>
$ git push origin vX.Y.Z
```
NB: the tag must respect the pattern `vX.Y.Z`.

You can then publish a Release note pointing to your newly created tag.

Please make sure that your release note is comprehensive to all bug/security fixes of the corrective release.

You shall then follow the steps described above in [Publishing a release](#publishing-a-release).

</details>

### Publishing a release

**Before creating your local release, please make sure that your local repository state is clean.**

On your repository, checkout to the release tag. You can then package and deploy your release:
```shell
$ git status
$ # Your local repository should be clean
$ git checkout tags/vX.Y.0
$ git log --oneline -1
$ # Check that the last commit is indeed the "Bump to X.Y.0" commit
$ mvn dependency:purge-local-repository
$ mvn clean package -Prelease
$ mvn deploy -Prelease -DskipTests
```

> Your release will then be deployed in Sonatype. The documentation to publish your component is available [here](https://central.sonatype.org/publish/publish-portal-guide/#publishing-your-components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your release will then be deployed in [Sonatype](https://central.sonatype.com/publishing).  
The documentation to publish your component is available [here](https://central.sonatype.org/publish/publish-portal-guide/#publishing-your-components).  
```

> Once all the steps are completed, your release is published in maven central and might need a few more minutes to be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the steps are completed, your release is published in Maven Central and might need a few more minutes to be available.
```

Please make sure that your release note is comprehensive to all new features and bug fixes of the release and that the migration guide has been updated if necessary.

You shall then follow the steps described below in [Publishing a release](#publishing-a-release).

</details>

<details>
<summary>Corrective release case</summary>

#### Corrective release case

Please note that there are some differences in the process when you're publishing a corrective release or a patch, which version respects the pattern `vX.Y.Z` with Z different from 0.

You should work from the `release-vX.Y.0` branch.
- If no patch was previously released for the `vX.Y.0` version, retrieve the `vX.Y.0` tag and initialize the `release-vX.Y.0` branch:
```shell
$ git checkout tags/vX.Y.0
$ git checkout -b release-vX.Y.0
$ git push -u origin release-vX.Y.0
```

> - or if the branch already exists:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- otherwise, if the branch already exists:
```
